initial health check library implementation (#472)
gardener/gardener-extensions: docs/healthcheck-library.md

# Health Check Library

## Goal

Typically an extension reconciles a specific resource (Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs)) and creates/modifies resources in the cluster (via helm, managed resources, kubectl, ...).
We call these API Objects 'dependent objects' - as they are bound to the lifecycle of the extension.

> **The goal of this library is to enable extensions to setup health checks for their 'dependent objects' with minimal effort.**

Reviewer: I guess there is no need for bold.
```suggestion
The goal of this library is to enable extensions to setup health checks for their `dependent objects` with minimal effort.
```

You can find implementation examples [here](https://github.com/gardener/gardener-extensions/tree/master/pkg/controller/healthcheck/general).
```go
type HealthCheck interface {
       // Check is the function that executes the actual health check
       Check(context.Context, types.NamespacedName) (*HealthCheckResult, error)
       // SetSeedClient injects the seed client
       SetSeedClient(client.Client)
       // SetShootClient injects the shoot client
       SetShootClient(client.Client)
       // SetLoggerSuffix injects the logger
       SetLoggerSuffix(string, string)
}
```

The health check controller regularly (default: `30s`) reconciles the extension resource and executes the registered health checks for the dependent objects.
As a result, the controller writes condition(s) to the status of the extension containing the health check result.
In our example, two checks are mapped to `ShootEveryNodeReady` and one to `ShootSystemComponentsHealthy`, leading to conditions with two distinct `HealthConditionTypes` (condition.type)

```yaml
status:

>     conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  conditions:
  - lastTransitionTime: "20XX-10-28T08:17:21Z"
```
